All righty.
We have our project structure.
So what next.
Now as we're checking the project we can see that there's gonna be few images and as a side note if
you don't want to download the images in this video you need the resources you're obviously going to
be able to find the whole project with all the images they're all going to be using anyway.
Now for the logo it is very simply I went to Google and just search for a copy up logo transparent background
and then obviously there's many wants to pick and I just pick this one.
Now please understand that this is not something the children do for the production project but in our
case since this is just a simple HDMI project we can just do it this way for the logo.
So in this case what I would do is I would just say that I would like to get the image.
So I'm going to say save images and I'm gonna be looking for desktops.
And this is where our project is.
And then within the images I'm gonna say that I would like to save this as a logo and either we can
at BMG ourselves or we can just go with whatever extensions they give us.
So this would be the logo OK after the logo.
We also have one big background image as well as three smaller ones.
So these would be I don't know again for the house blend or French roast.
It doesn't really matter.
The main idea it would be one big macro image and then three smaller ones.
So these images I got again in the pixels the ones that I was telling you before where you can get a
nice copy right.
Free images.
And again if we just start searching where if you search for coffee first of all.
So I went here and typed coffee and as we start scrolling down you can see that there is gonna be quite
a few of them that we're using and let's start with these guys.
And this is gonna be our background.
So let's say here again save you my jazz and I'm just going to call this background and again let's
just go with whatever extension they give us.
Now after that we have house blend and I believe for the house blend.
Scroll down to see where I have this.
Not this guy.
Let's see let's see let's see which one that I pick.
I think I picked this one.
So let's save them a jazz let's name this house blend then on what else we have we have French roast.
So what we looking for this guy and what I have this one wanted to do to you here is saving jazz.
This would be French roast rose and the last one is gonna be I think Colombian Colombian roast and that's
gonna be with an espresso machine.
So it says that this is gonna be Colombian
roast.
Now I have these four images one for the background and three smaller ones and for the smaller ones
again I use the option in the Mac where we can just crop them on a little bit.
So let's say that I was gonna select first all three of them but again not background.
Not logo just these three.
And then I'm gonna open it in the preview and within the preview I would like to select all of them.
So again the shortcut would be commander.
As you noticed right now all the images have been selected and then we can look for the tools and then
we're adjusting the size.
Now in my case I'm gonna click on this little padlock.
So now they're gonna be adjusted exactly like I want not the height you I just did that.
Let's say that I was going to be looking for 320 by 240.
And yeah once we do that these are gonna be our images and everything is set and ready to go.
So we can start working on our project.